It's a little interesting.
What bet?
Here's a billion checks.
Bet on him.
You think I'm short of money?
Tiger, if you think the amount is too small
I also have shares in some companies.
That's over 10 billion in total.
It seems that Miss White in your heart is not low status.
Be willing to pay such a high price.
Can the Tigers accept the move?
Okay.
If you win, I'll release him immediately.
Tiger Atmosphere
What does the boss want to bet on?
Hooke, Texas or yellow flowers?
There's no need for such trouble.
Take a bet.
Let's bet on this match.
Wow.
What is the match between Germany and South Korea to bet on?
The distance is too big.
Germany must win.
Pampo.
I bet South Korea won.